up up up
Isn't the city boss the cousin of Night Guardian for a thousand years?
I know you dare to move
How did that happen?
Apologize to grandpa.
What's going on?
Don't make me say it again
See what he does
Apologize quickly, I'm the one who took your anger out
Don't you even listen to me?
Called back again
Never mind.
When the moon is over, he will get out of here for me
But what is our father?
Bullying grandpa doesn't deserve to give you any more money
Remember to eat at their routine club in the future
Please do it yourself before the security comes, Li Bai
What should we do? Let's go!
I have something else to do
I'll go first
Wait, you make it clear what just happened, right?
Aren't you the eldest lady?
Why don't you even know your own form?